.TH viaphpfs 1 "5 August 2013" "ViaPhpFS 0.0.1" "ViaPhpFS Manual"
.SH NAME
viaphpfs \- mount a viaphpfs host as a local directory
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B viaphpfs [options]
.I host path
.SH DESCRIPTION
The program
.B viaphpfs
is a tool to mount remote viaphpfs hosts as local directories.
TODO

viaphpfs is powered by libcurl for all transfer-related features. See
.BR libcurl (3)
for details. The filesystem part is implemented on top of FUSE.
See
.BR http://fuse.sourceforge.net/
for details.
.SH HTTP OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-h/--help"
Print help options.
.TP
.B "-v/--verbose"
Make libcurl print verbose debug output.
.TP
.B "-V/--version"
Print viaphpfs, libcurl and fuse versions.
.TP
.B \-o
Options are specified with a
.B \-o
flag followed by a comma separated string of options. 
.RS
.TP
.B codepage=<name>
Sets the encoding the http server uses to encode file names.
.TP
.B connect_timeout=<seconds>
Maximum time in seconds that you allow the connection to the server to take.
This only limits the connection phase, once viaphpfs has connected this option
is of no more use.
.TP
.B custom_list=<command>
Command used by viaphpfs to list files. The default is "LIST -a" but some
servers might require extra options, e.g. "LIST -la".
.TP
.B viapfs_debug
Make viaphpfs print lots of debug information. Useful only in conjunction with
the
.B \-d
option.
.TP
.B httpproxy
Set the proxy type to HTTP. This is the default type.
.TP
.B interface=<name>
Pass a string as parameter. This set the interface name  to  use as  outgoing
network  interface.  The  name can be an interface name, an IP address or a
host name.
.TP
.B iocharset=<name>
Sets the charset used by the client side for codepage to charset translation.
Default: UTF8.
.TP
.B ipv4
If  libcurl  is  capable  of resolving an address to multiple IP versions
(which it is if it is ipv6-capable), this option  tells libcurl  to  resolve
names  to  IPv4  addresses only.
.TP
.B ipv6
If  libcurl  is  capable  of resolving an address to multiple IP versions
(which it is if it is ipv6-capable), this option  tells libcurl  to  resolve
names  to  IPv6  addresses only.
.TP
.B krb4=<level>
Enable kerberos4 authentication and use. The level must be entered and should
be one of 'clear', 'safe', 'confidential'  or 'private'.  Should  you  use  a
level that is not one of these, 'private' will instead be used.

This option requires that the libcurl library was built  with  kerberos4
support.  This is  not  very common.
.TP
.B proxy=<host[:port]>
Use specified HTTP proxy. If the port number is  not  specified, it is assumed
at port 1080.

This  option  overrides existing environment variables that sets
proxy to use. If  there's  an  environment  variable  setting  a proxy, you can
set proxy to "" to override it.

This options implies the \fBproxytunnel\fP option.

Starting  with libcurl version 7.14.1, the proxy host can be specified the
exact same way as the proxy environment  variables,  including protocol prefix
(http://) and embedded user + password.
.TP
.B proxytunnel
Tells viaphpfs to use a tunnel proxy. This option is implied by the 
\fBproxy\fP option but you need to set it manually if you use the \fIproxy\fP
environment variable.
.TP
.B proxy_anyauth
Tells curl to pick a suitable authentication method when  communicating  with
the  given  proxy.  This  will  cause  an  extra request/response round-trip.
.TP
.B proxy_basic
Tells viaphpfs to use HTTP Basic authentication when communicating with the
given proxy. Basic is the default authentication method viaphpfs is used with
proxies.
.TP
.B proxy_digest
Tells  viaphpfs to use HTTP Digest authentication when communicating with the
given proxy.
.TP
.B proxy_ntlm
Tells viaphpfs to use HTTP NTLM  authentication  when  communicating with the
given proxy.
.TP
.B proxy_user=<user:password>
Specify user and password to use for proxy authentication.
.TP
.B socks4
Set the proxy type to SOCKS4.
.TP
.B socks5
Set the proxy type to SOCKS5.
.TP
.B tcp_nodelay
Turn on the TCP_NODELAY option. See the \fIcurl_easy_setopt(3)\fP man page for
details about this option.
.TP
.B transform_symlinks
Append
.I path
to the absolute symlinks so that they still point inside the http directory
structure. Otherwise those links will very probably be broken.
.TP
.B user=<user:password>
Specify  user  and  password  to  use for server authentication.  Overrides
netrc configuration.
.SH FUSE OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-d"
Enable FUSE debug output. Implies \fB-f\fP.
.TP
.B "-f"
Run viaphpfs in foreground mode.
.TP
.B "-r"
Mount read-only.
.TP
.B "-s"
Disable multi-threaded operation.
.TP
.B \-o
Options are specified with a
.B \-o
flag followed by a comma separated string of options. 
.RS
.TP
.B allow_other
Allow access to other users. By default the mount point is only accessible to
the user that mounted it and not even to root.
.TP
.B allow_root
Allow access to root user. By default the mount point is only accessible to
the user that mounted it and not even to root.
.TP
.B debug
enable debug output
.TP
.B direct_io
use direct I/O
.TP
.B fsname=NAME
set filesystem name in mtab
.TP
.B gid=N
set file group
.TP
.B hard_remove
immediate removal (don't hide files)
.TP
.B kernel_cache
Let the kernel VFS do some caching of the files.
.TP
.B large_read
issue large read requests (2.4 only)
.TP
.B max_read=N
set maximum size of read requests
.TP
.B nonempty
allow mounts over non-empty file/dir
.TP
.B readdir_ino
try to fill in d_ino in readdir
.TP
.B uid=N
set file owner
.TP
.B umask=M
set file permissions (octal)
.TP
.B use_ino
let filesystem set inode numbers
.SH AUTHORS
Mehdi Bouaziz is the author and maintainer of ViaPhpFS.
.SH WWW
http://mehdi.bouaziz.me/viaphpfs
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mount (8)
